# V86-UI
v86 Made by Copy. V2.1 Android Release with full browser speed, works exactly as on firefox browser and its preaty fast! slower than bochs but i could compare it to limbo emulator on my poco x3 pro, windows 98 works great, sadly no write ability, but if you have prepared .img files you will be surprized how well it works, Thanks to Copy and his v86 emulator from github, it is pure Gold!
v.2 Windows Release with Read/Write abillity :) but there is issue, you can use 2 drives in msdos but if you launch windows with 2 HD drives the first one will get corrupted and windows will not boot anymore :( on MSdos it works fine but in win98 its preaty awfull due to uncorrectely implemented disk reading, but at least you can write using two disks in MS-Dos.
and v.01 Android app without Write :( but i am quite happy with it, finally mouse is fully usable on smartphone so no more messed up coordinates! Fallout 1 runs perfect :)
but it is much slower than pure html version, cause its using async file buffer using WebView, image is uploaded to virtual storage in ram cause it was way to slow reading from actual storage.
To run just html version You need http server on windows or disable cors in browser, on Android , download v86-UI.html, v86.wasm, libv86.js and bios folder , place all files with bios folder in any directory eg. v86, and run html through Cx File Explorer which is on Android market, the http server is created automatically. this is best and smothest option to run on android.

